remove tag from Exposures (#89)
CLIMADA-project/climada_petals: CHANGELOG.md

# Changelog

## Unreleased

Release date: YYYY-MM-DD

Code freeze date: YYYY-MM-DD

### Dependency Changes

Upgraded:

- shapely `1.8` -> `2.0` ([#80](https://github.com/CLIMADA-project/climada_petals/pull/80))

### Added

### Changed

- refactored `climada_petals.river_flood.RiverFlood.from_nc`, removing calls to `set_raster` ([#80](https://github.com/CLIMADA-project/climada_petals/pull/80))

> - several adaptations for the removal of the `Tag` class from the CLIMADA core package:
>   [#88](https://github.com/CLIMADA-project/climada_petals/pull/88)
>   [#89](https://github.com/CLIMADA-project/climada_petals/pull/89)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Replace `tag` attribute with string `description` in classes derived from `Exposure` [#89](https://github.com/CLIMADA-project/climada_petals/pull/89)
```
